======================================================================
CS2110                        Lab 11                       Summer 2016
======================================================================
 
Objective: Learning how to code a simple trap in LC-3 Assembly.
 
Try to collaborate with your classmates if you're stuck, and don'thesitate to
ask the TA's for help. If you are stuck on one part, or not clear about what
it's asking, feel free to ask. Remember, we are here to help you :)

In this lab, you're going to be writing a trap!

BE SURE TO ENABLE TRUE TRAPS IN COMPLX BEFORE YOU RUN YOUR CODE.

Trap Introduction
-----------------

Traps are subroutines that you can call using the TRAP instruction. PUTS, GETC,
OUT, and HALT are all examples of pseudo-ops that assemble to TRAP instructions.
They work using the Trap Vector Table. 

The Trap Vector Table is an area in memory (x0000 - x00FF) that contains the
addresses of where the data of the trap subroutines are located in memory. For
example, if the code for trap x50 was located at address x5000 in memory, the
corresponding entry in the trap vector table (x50) will contain the value x5000.
When the instruction 'TRAP x50' is executed, the current PC is saved to register
R7, the computer looks up where trap x50 is located (x5000), the pc is changed
to that value (x5000), the trap executes, and finally, after the trap is done
executing, the pc is changed back to the original value (the one initially
stored in R7).

Problem
-------
Implement a TRAP that takes in input from the user and echoes it back to them in
lowercase.

For instance if they type HELLO WORLD! you should echo back hello world!

Specifications
--------------
This trap should be callable by saying TRAP x40 in your code.
No registers (except R7) should be modified.
It shouldn't print anything until the user presses enter.

Pseudocode
----------
void lowertrap() {
	char c;
	char buffer[30];
	char *buf = buffer;
	do {
		c = getchar();
		if(c == '\n') {
			c = 0;
		}
		if(c >= 'A' && c <= 'Z') {
			c += 32;
		}
		buf[0] = c;
		buf++;
	} while(c != 0);
	printf(buffer);
}

Hints
-----
If you see "Warning at 0x3007: Unsupported Trap x40." Then enable true traps
from State > True Traps (or just ctrl+T).

Yes, it's normal that your program is halting at address 0x054A. By enabling
true traps, the actual trap code gets processed by complx, and this is the
location where the processor stops in the HALT trap.

GETC can be used to read a character.

Don't forget that calling a trap within a trap will clobber R7!

The line "char *buf = buffer" declares a variable buf that holds the address of
buffer.
